chore(curriculum): no quotes in code strings (#49936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/record-collection.md

-   Your function must always return the entire `records` object.
-   If `value` is an empty string, delete the given `prop` property from the album.

> -   If `prop` isn’t `tracks` and `value` isn't an empty string, assign the `value` to that album’s `prop`.
> -   If `prop` is `tracks` and value isn’t an empty string, add the `value` to the end of the album’s `tracks` array. You need to create this array first if the album does not have a `tracks` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If `prop` isn't `tracks` and `value` isn't an empty string, assign the `value` to that album's `prop`.
-   If `prop` is `tracks` and value isn't an empty string, add the `value` to the end of the album's `tracks` array. You need to create this array first if the album does not have a `tracks` property.
```
